# Can I be a Programmer if I Have ADD?
Earlier this year, my boss asked me for the simplest thing he could ask for: write up a bulleted list explaining exactly a developer would need to do to migrate a Drupal 8 site to Drupal 9. 

It took 3 weeks and multiple rounds of revisions for me to finally get something approved. By the time I posted it to our wiki, teams has already gone live with D9 using information they had to get independently.

This was not a case of my boss being a stickler and not being satisfied with my effort. It was part of a pattern that's been going on in my life for as long as I can remember, but one I never wanted to face until this final straw. All the classics were always there: being "smart" but unmotivated, turning in half-assed work (like whatever I was trying to pass off as a D9 upgrade checklist). There are times when I've say with programming problems for 10 hours straight. I can develop through highly detailed plans in my head and explain them thoroughly and understandably to people. With the right combination of timing, inspiration, and a little luck, I can create art. Unfortunately, it's hard to get those ingredients to coalesce consistently. As a result, what I'm left with is work done while bored or distracted that fluctuates in quality to such an extent that it's hard for me to really be reliable.

Following the "incident" with that checklist, I decided to read [Driven to Distraction] (https://bookshop.org/books/driven-to-distraction-recognizing-and-coping-with-attention-deficit-disorder/9780307743152), which I had received as a gift from my parents years ago but had taken some offense to and thus ignored. Bad move, as it turns out! While the book itself is full of horror stories of people with much more severe cases than I have, people who can't sit still or can't be quiet or can't find any meaning in life outside of actually risking their lives, it also talks directly about more mild cases -- people who, for no lack of _wanting_, just can't fucking get it together and do the things they want to do. Once I finished the book, I contacted a mental health clinic, obtained an official diagnosis, and have been treating my symptoms for the past few months.

